feat: Add GitHub issue alert project (#170)
autokitteh/samples: devops/github_issue_alert/README.md

---

> title: GitHub Issue Alert

Reviewer: 1. Notice that the metadata title appears in the repo readme's table - so it should be the same as the title header below ("Foo Bar Baz"), but capitalized like a sentence ("Foo bar baz")
2. This is not really a DevOps project, so keep it in the root directory for now, but keep the "DevOps" category in the metadata until we have a better one
3. FYI "Alert" is a term I reserve for ops/DevOps/SRE/reliability scenarios, i.e. when the user needs to be notified and act quickly, but let's keep the name as-is for now, and maybe change it in the future
```suggestion
title: GitHub issue alert
```

> description: Monitors comments on GitHub issues and sends updates to Slack.

Reviewer: Why no "." in the end: even though this is a short-but-full sentence, it only appears in a table in the repo readme

BTW, please add a "no . at the end of the description field" check to INT-183.

```suggestion
description: Send GitHub issue comments to Slack
```

integrations: ["github", "slack"]
categories: ["DevOps"]
---

## GitHub Issue Alert

This project automates notifications for GitHub issue activity by monitoring issue creation and comments. It sends real-time updates to a designated Slack channel to keep teams informed.

## How It Works

1. Monitor GitHub for new issue creation or comment activity (created, edited, or deleted)

> 2. Automatically trigger the workflow to process the event and format the information

Reviewer 2: nit: do we need the word "automatically"? Isn't that assumed?
```suggestion
2. Trigger the workflow to process the event and format the information
```

3. Send the details as a notification to the designated Slack channel

> ## Cloud Usage (Recommended)

Reviewer: See recent project readmes (e.g. in devops and reliability directories), and the new template

```suggestion
## Cloud Usage
```

> 1. Initialize your connections through the UI

Reviewer: See recent project readmes (e.g. in devops and reliability directories), and the new template

```suggestion
1. Initialize your connections (GitHub, Slack)
```

> 2. Set the `SLACK_CHANNEL` project variable to the Slack channel where you want to receive issue alerts."

Reviewer: See #157 

```suggestion
2. Set the `SLACK_CHANNEL_NAME_OR_ID` project variable to the Slack channel where you want to receive updates
```

## Trigger Workflow

> Once deployed, the workflow is triggered by the creation of a new GitHub issue or any comment activity (created, edited, or deleted) on an issue. The relevant details are sent as notifications to the specified Slack channel.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once deployed, the workflow is triggered by the creation of a new GitHub issue or any comment activity on an issue, including creation, editing, or deletion.
```

## Self-Hosted Deployment

> Follow these [detailed instructions](https://docs.autokitteh.com/get_started/deployment) to deploy the project on a self-hosted server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow [these detailed instructions](https://docs.autokitteh.com/get_started/deployment) to deploy the project on a self-hosted server.
```
